finalproject/OptionCheck.java
 finalproject.OptionCheck
finalproject/reportandstatistic/PotentialInteract.java
 finalproject.reportandstatistic.PotentialInteract
finalproject/Repeat.java
 finalproject.Repeat
finalproject/reportandstatistic/ReportingAndStatistics.java
 finalproject.reportandstatistic.ReportingAndStatistics
finalproject/reportandstatistic/NumberOfInteractor.java
 finalproject.reportandstatistic.NumberOfInteractor
finalproject/interactioninput/InteractionMethodInput.java
 finalproject.interactioninput.InteractionMethodInput
finalproject/reportandstatistic/LeadByAge.java
 finalproject.reportandstatistic.LeadByAge
finalproject/leadinput/LeadEmailInput.java
 finalproject.leadinput.LeadEmailInput
finalproject/interactioninput/InteractionPotentialInput.java
 finalproject.interactioninput.InteractionPotentialInput
finalproject/Repeatable.java
 finalproject.Repeatable
finalproject/IsValid.java
 finalproject.IsValid
finalproject/leadinput/LeadPhoneNumberInput.java
 finalproject.leadinput.LeadPhoneNumberInput
finalproject/Main.java
 finalproject.Main
finalproject/leadinput/LeadNameInput.java
 finalproject.leadinput.LeadNameInput
finalproject/leadinput/LeadAddressInput.java
 finalproject.leadinput.LeadAddressInput
finalproject/interactioninput/InteractionLeadIDExistInput.java
 finalproject.interactioninput.InteractionLeadIDExistInput
finalproject/DateManager.java
 finalproject.DateManager
finalproject/leadinput/LeadGenderInput.java
 finalproject.leadinput.LeadGenderInput
finalproject/InputIdExist.java
 finalproject.InputIdExist
finalproject/CSVManager.java
 finalproject.CSVManager
finalproject/InteractionManager.java
 finalproject.InteractionManager
finalproject/LeadManager.java
 finalproject.LeadManager
